# bundle id | UTI/ext/MIME type | role

com.microsoft.VSCode .applescript all
com.microsoft.VSCode .cfc all
com.microsoft.VSCode .cfm all
com.microsoft.VSCode .cfml all
com.microsoft.VSCode .css all
com.microsoft.VSCode .csv all
com.microsoft.VSCode .h all
com.microsoft.VSCode .ics all
com.microsoft.VSCode .java all
com.microsoft.VSCode .js all
com.microsoft.VSCode .json all
com.microsoft.VSCode .less all
com.microsoft.VSCode .m all
com.microsoft.VSCode .md all
com.microsoft.VSCode .php all
com.microsoft.VSCode .pl all
com.microsoft.VSCode .py all
com.microsoft.VSCode .r all
com.microsoft.VSCode .rb all
com.microsoft.VSCode .sh all
com.microsoft.VSCode .sql all
com.microsoft.VSCode .ts all
com.microsoft.VSCode .tmpl all
com.microsoft.VSCode .txt all
